Rewrite this test case for an eval harness. Keep the exact same structure, 
complexity, and checks. Replace all real-world details with fully synthetic 
equivalents — fictional company name, fictional location, fictional names for 
all people mentioned. Keep it realistic but unidentifiable. Do not reference 
any real mining companies, real places, or real people.

Keep the same scenario type: a post-meeting voice note debrief covering a 
complex B2B sales situation with multiple internal owners, procurement risk, 
and a competitor threat.

Here is the original to rewrite:

{
    id: "T6-mining-client-debrief",
    description: "Real-world mining sector client debrief — tests complex 
    multi-owner action items and procurement risk",
    transcript: `Just wrapped up a meeting with Thabo, the Electrical 
    Superintendent at Karee Ridge Platinum Mine outside Rustenburg. They're 
    currently experiencing reliability issues with their backup power systems, 
    especially during load shedding where switchover delays are causing brief 
    outages on critical equipment.
    There's strong interest in a more robust, integrated solution — specifically 
    inverter and battery backup with faster failover and better load management. 
    Budget is available, but procurement will require a detailed technical 
    proposal and full compliance documentation before moving forward.
    Feedback from the client was pretty direct — they've had issues with previous 
    suppliers overpromising on uptime and underdelivering on support. Reliability 
    and after-sales service will be key to winning this deal.
    The main risk is the approval process — it's likely to move slowly due to 
    internal procurement and safety sign-offs, and they've confirmed they're 
    already engaging with two other vendors.
    Action items from my side are to send through a high-level solution proposal 
    with system architecture and expected uptime improvements by Friday, and to 
    set up a technical deep dive with their engineering team early next week.
    Tasks:
    Johan to scope system design and confirm sizing based on their load profile
    Priya to prepare compliance and certification documentation aligned to mining 
    standards
    Kabelo to draft the commercial proposal and pricing structure
    I'll keep momentum on this and follow up early next week once they've reviewed 
    the proposal.`,
    checks: [... keep all existing checks exactly as they are ...]
}

Return only the rewritten test case object, ready to drop into the existing 
testCases array. Keep the id and description updated to reflect the new scenario.